Questionnaire: 

1. What are javascript functions?

Javascript functions are blocks of reusable code that perform a particular task/operation.
While we could just rewrite code over and over, in the spirit of "don't repeat yourself" (DRY),
it is best to put reused code into functions.

2. Explain call-back functions in your own words.

A callback function is a function that is passed into another function as an argument and is "invoked" 
when the outmost function is called. Written without promises, async/await, or .then, these functions
are "synchronous". There are both synchronous and asynchronous callbacks.

3. Why are javascript functions first-class citizens? (in your own words, please)
Functions are considered first-class citizens because of their abilities to be used in various ways
along with being used even when written out of order.

Functions as first class citizens allows them to be used in the following ways among others:
-stored as a value i.e.
   const hello = function() { console.log("hello") return "hello"};
-passed as an argument to another function
   function sayHello(hello) { return `${hello()} World`};

4. Explain javascript Closures in your own words.

Closures deal with the scope of a function's access to variables and references surrounding it.
They are created whenever you create a function. a function inside another function would then
have access to the outer functions references.

5. When/Why do you use the .then() method of a promise?
   The .then is used when you want something to occur AFTER a promise is resolved, if resolved and not rejected.
   It is "chained" after the promise such as promise.then((whatGotResolved)=>{"do something with what got resolved"}).

6. When/Why do you use the .catch() method of a promise?
   Whereas .then handles the resolved of a promise, .catch() handles if there were any errors, or rejected from the promise.
   it is usually chained after the .then that is chained to the promise.

7. What is the spread operator?
   The spread operator or ... could be used to expand on arrays, or to shorthand arguments.
   For example: array1 = [0, 1, 2, 3]
      if i wanted to copy array1 into a new array and add more, it would look like such array2 = [...array1, newNumber]. 


8. What is the rest operator?

rest parameter would go on the last argument, or item in the function to indicate what to bring in. It is also used with .... It makes it easier to declare arrays and variables that follow a pattern without having to write everyting out. Rest becomes its own array/object in a sense.


9. What is the difference between the rest operator and the spread operator?

Rest allows us to deconstruct arrays and is used at the last index, spread operator expands it into individual indices

10. What is Object and Array Destructuring in javascript?

Destructuring of objects and arrays allows us to "target" individual data for use while not having to use everything in the array or object. there are various ways to target data in both. 